# Final exam project for the NLP23 course
## About
This repository contains the code associated with the exam project for the Natural Language Processing E23 course at the Cognitive Science MSc, Aarhus Universitet. For questions, please contact Alina Kereszt (202005328@post.au.dk).

## Structure
The repository is structured in the following way:
- **/data:** Contains the data files associated with this project.
- **/out:** Contains the output tables and figures generated by the scripts.
- **/src:** Contains all the scripts associated with this project.

## Use instructions
### Prerequisites
This code was written and executed in the UCloud application's Coder Python interface (version 1.85.2, running Python version 3.10). UCloud provides virtual machines with a Linux-based operating system, therefore, the code has been optimized for Linux and may need adjustment for Windows and Mac.

### Running the code
1. Clone this repository somewhere on your device. The data is already contained within the ```/data``` folder.
2. After ensuring that you are in the correct directory in the terminal, create a virtual environment and activate it:

        sudo apt-get update
        sudo apt-get install python3-venv
        python -m venv path_to_folder/venvs
        source venvs/bin/activate
   
3. Install the required packages:

        pip install -r requirements.txt

4. Ensure that you are in the correct directory and run part 1 of the analysis:

        python3 src/part_1.py

5. Ensure that you are in the correct directory and run part 2 of the analysis:

        python3 src/part_2.py

6. All outputs can be found in the ```/out``` folder.
